Rebranding commits (#4)
fosscord/martian: CONTRIBUTING.md

A few rules of thumb:
- Code contributions should match the existing code style. `npm run lint:js` and `npm run lint:ts` could help you check

> - Discuss additions/changes with us [on Discord](https://abal.moe/Martian/invite) before working on them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Discuss additions/changes with us [on Discord](https://discord.gg/Q4mRZX4T) before working on them
```
